doc(README): add section about the alternative test setup (#272)
einride/protoc-gen-go-aip-test: README.md

}
```

#### Alternative 2:

Implement the generated configure provider interface
(`FreightServiceTestSuiteConfigProvider`) and pass the implementation to
`TestServices` to start the tests.

> The benefit of this approach is that if new resources or services are added, you
> will no longer fulfil the interface, and you need to explicit either implement
> the method or return nil to skip the test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A benefit of using `TestServices` (over alternative 1) is that as new services or resources 
are added to the API the test code wont compile until the the required inputs are also
added (or explicitly ignored). This makes it is harder to forget to add the test
implementations for new services/resources.
```
